Add images to the Disaster recovery page (#2619)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/clustering/multi-region-deployment/disaster-recovery.adoc

== Faults in clusters

Databases in clusters may be allocated differently within the cluster and may also have different numbers of primaries and secondaries.

image::healthy-cluster.svg[width="400", title="Healthy cluster", role=popup]

The consequence of this is that all servers may be different in which databases they are hosting.
Losing a server in a cluster may cause some databases to lose a member while others are unaffected.
Therefore, in a disaster where one or more servers go down, some databases may keep running with little to no impact, while others may lose all their allocated resources.

Figure 2 shows the disaster when three servers are lost, demonstrating that this situation impacts databases in different ways.

image::disaster.svg[width="400", title="Example of a cluster disaster", role=popup]

.Disaster scenarios and recovery strategies
[cols="1,2,2", options=header]
|===
^|Database
^|Disaster scenario
^|Recovery strategy

|Database A
|All allocations are lost.

> |The database needs to be recreated from a backup.

Author: Thank you, @AnnaSjerling! I think, your explanations are fine. It will be enough.

|Database B
|The primary allocation is lost, and the secondary allocation is available.
|The database needs to be recreated, but can be based on available allocations in the cluster.

|Database C
|Two primary allocations and a secondary one are lost.
|The database needs to be recreated, but can be based on available allocations in the cluster.

|Database D
|One primary allocation and two secondary allocations are lost.

> |The database will move when a server is deallocated.

Reviewer: The database remains write-available, allowing it to automatically move allocations from lost servers to available ones when the lost servers are deallocated. Therefore, the database does not need to be recreated even though some allocations have been lost.

* Any allocations that cannot move by themselves require the database to be recreated so that they are forced to move.
* Any allocations that can move will be instructed to do so by deallocating the server.

. For each `Unavailable` server, run `CALL dbms.cluster.cordonServer("unavailable-server-id")` on one of the available servers.
This prevents new database allocations from being moved to this server.
+
image::servers-cordoned.svg[width="400", title="Cordon unavailable servers", role=popup]

. For each `Cordoned` server, make sure a new *unconstrained* server has been added to the cluster to take its place.
See xref:clustering/servers.adoc#cluster-add-server[Add a server to the cluster] for more information.
+

> If servers were added in the <<make-the-system-database-write-available, Make the `system` database write-available>> step of this guide (like it is done in the current disaster recovery example), additional servers might not be needed here.

Author: ```suggestion
If servers were added in the <<make-the-system-database-write-available, Make the `system` database write-available>> step of this guide (like it has been done in the current disaster recovery example), additional servers might not be needed here.
```
